Add cog/over documentation (#5703)
GSA-TTS/FAC: docs/cog_over_explain.md

7.  If no historical agency was found in step 6, we set **cognizant_agency** to the same value as **agency** computed in step 4, and return the tuple **(cognizant, oversight)**. This may still be **(None, None)** which would be an error condition.

The nature of the algorithm is that we do not exit without a value for one of either **cog** or **over**. We expect, in all cases, that either the tuple **(cog, None)** will be returned, or **(None, over)**.

## **Example of Cognizant Agency calculation and assignment**

A non-Federal entity provides a service and the following government agencies grant them money to assist with services.  
For the sake of simplicity; the recipent is awarded and has expended the following amount below:
- Treasury Dept. awards them $50M "directly"
- GSA awards them $30M "directly" and  another $70M "indirectly".
- HUD also awards them $30M "directly" and another $80M "indirectly".
- HHS awards $20M "directly" and another $80M "indirectly".
- EPA grants $30M "directly" and another $10M "indirectly".

> The totals of all the money received is $400M. Although, Treasury Dept granted the most direct money at $50M it won't be the cognizant because the total is less than 25% of the total money awarded.  HUD would be the cognizant since it awarded the most total money "directly" and "indirectly".  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total of all the money received is $400M, and Treasury Dept. has granted the most direct money at $50M. It won't be the cognizant, however, because it contributed less than 25% of the total money awarded. Instead, HUD would be the cognizant since it awarded the most total money "directly" and "indirectly".  
```

Author: added suggestion

The following table illustrates the example:

> | Agency             | Direct award | Indirect award | Total from Agency |

Reviewer: Would a column for % be useful?

Reviewer 2: There's no ➕ react, so consider this comment to be that

Author: added suggestion
